Pydev is a project to create a complete python development environment for eclipse.
This is the release 0.4.

Both editor and debugger require Java 1.4.x. 
Editor runs on Eclipse 2.1.x, and 3.x, 
Debugger is not compatible with Eclipse 3 yet.

New in this release:

- we have lift-off for the debugger:
  breakpoints
  stack
  multiple threads
  variables view
  hyperlinks in console output work with external files too
                     are all functional
  there is a lot of new code here, bugs are possible

- editor
  new comment/uncomment actions in popup menu and source menu (thanks fabio)
  new previous/next function in popup menu (fabio again)
  editor now has a python icon
  .pyc files are filtered out in resource view
  better double-click strategy
  hyperlinks on functions defined within a file. Hit CTRL to see hyperlink you are mousing over.
  nicer tab handling
  IDLE-like coloring for the editor. The old color scheme was depressing.

See pydev.sf.net for more info.

Enjoy,

Aleks

Appendix:
  
Full list of editor changes
  Added team file extensions for .py & .pyc, pyc files are ignored by default
  Added "Source" menu to the editor: comment/goto methods implemented by fabioz
- Added Python nature, and nature icon. Nature get automatically added to any project
that opens a python editor.
- Added Python properties to projects that have Python nature
- Editor now has a python icon. Icon is ugly, help!
- .pyc files are filtered out in the resource view
- Parsing now happens either immediately on return, or a second after input
This makes error notifications nicer and more predictable
- New double-clicking strategy, copied from Java
- Moved debug preferences into main plugin. We need them for import paths parsing
- Hyperlinks on simple imports now work. For them to find system includes, you'll need to
set up the python interpreter in the preferences.
	active hyperlinks are:
		[imports] import sys: you can click on sys, and sys.py will open
		[local function calls]: functions defined in the same file
		[class constructors]: a = SomeClass() takes you to class definition
		[self.method calls]: self.method_name works if method is defined in the same file
- When you are editing in the tab mode, paste will replace spaces with tabs
- tabs/spaces conversion only takes place inside code, not inside comments
- IDLE like colors for text